[WIP] Implement `web3.eth.Eth.createAccessList` (#2381)
fubuloubu/web3.py: docs/web3.eth.rst

    As of v6.3.0, the raw data is also returned and
    can be accessed via the ``data`` attribute on ``ContractLogicError``.

.. py:method:: Eth.create_access_list(transaction, block_identifier=web3.eth.default_block)

    * Delegates to ``eth_createAccessList`` RPC Method

>     This method creates an `EIP2930 <https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2930>`_ type ``accessList`` based on a given ``Transaction``. The ``accessList`` contains all storage slots and addresses read and written by the transaction, except for the sender account and the precompiles. This method uses the same ``transaction`` call object and ``block_identifier`` object as :meth:`~web3.eth.Eth.call()`. An ``accessList`` can be used to unstuck contracts that became inaccessible due to gas cost increases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This method creates an `EIP-2930 <https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2930>`_ type ``accessList`` based on a given ``Transaction``. The ``accessList`` contains all storage slots and addresses read and written by the transaction, except for the sender account and the precompiles. This method uses the same ``transaction`` call object and ``block_identifier`` object as :meth:`~web3.eth.Eth.call()`. An ``accessList`` can be used to unstick contracts that became inaccessible due to gas cost increases.
```

    :param transaction: ``TransactionCall`` object.
    :param block_identifier: Optional, a block_number or ``latest`` or ``pending``

    .. code-block:: python

        >>> w3.eth.create_access_list({'from': '0x0', 'data': '0x0', 'type': '0x1'})
        {
            'accessList': (
                {
                    'address': '0xde0b295669a9fd93d5f28d9ec85e40f4cb697bae',
                    'storageKeys': (
                        '0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000003',
                        '0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000007',
                    )
                },
                {
                    'address': '0xbb9bc244d798123fde783fcc1c72d3bb8c189413',
                    'storageKeys': ()
                },
            ),
            "gas": "21000"
        }

>     The method ``eth_createAccessList`` returns list of addresses and storage keys used by the transaction, plus the gas consumed when the access list is added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The method ``eth_createAccessList`` returns a list of addresses and storage keys used by the transaction, plus the gas consumed when the ``accessList`` is added.
```

>     That is, it gives you the list of addresses and storage keys that will be used by that transaction, plus the gas consumed if the access list is included. Like ``eth_estimateGas``, this is an estimation; the list could change when the transaction is actually mined. Adding an ``accessList`` to your transaction does not necessary result in lower gas usage compared to a transaction without an access list.

Reviewer: The first sentence here is just a very slight rewording of the previous line, doesn't seem to add any new information.

We should use "``accessList``" instead of "access list" whenever referring to it.

    As of v6.3.0, the raw data is also returned and
    can be accessed via the ``data`` attribute on ``ContractLogicError``.

.. py:method:: Eth.create_access_list(transaction, block_identifier=web3.eth.default_block)

    * Delegates to ``eth_createAccessList`` RPC Method

    This method creates an `EIP-2930 <https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2930>`_ type ``accessList`` based on a given
    ``Transaction``. The ``accessList`` contains all storage slots and addresses read and written by the transaction,
    except for the sender account and the precompiles. This method uses the same ``transaction`` call object and
    ``block_identifier`` object as :meth:`~web3.eth.Eth.call()`. An ``accessList`` can be used to unstick contracts that
    became inaccessible due to gas cost increases.

>     :param transaction: ``TransactionCall`` object.

Reviewer: Is a `TransactionCall` object defined somewhere? I'm not finding anything in our docs, and geth docs only have broken links - https://geth.ethereum.org/docs/interacting-with-geth/rpc/ns-eth#eth-createaccesslist

Reviewer 2: I didnt see that, must be something old or they made it up. I assume this is supposed to point to a class, but maybe the type `TxParams` is appropriate?

Reviewer 3: Yeah let's change this up. For `Eth.call` we say: 

"The ``transaction`` parameter is handled in the same manner as the :meth:`~web3.eth.Eth.send_transaction()` method."

Perhaps that's good enough here too since we go into depth there on each param. Thoughts?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, directing to one place sounds good to me!

    As of v6.3.0, the raw data is also returned and
    can be accessed via the ``data`` attribute on ``ContractLogicError``.

.. py:method:: Eth.create_access_list(transaction, block_identifier=web3.eth.default_block)

    * Delegates to ``eth_createAccessList`` RPC Method

    This method creates an `EIP-2930 <https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2930>`_ type ``accessList`` based on a given

>     ``Transaction``. The ``accessList`` contains all storage slots and addresses read and written by the transaction,

Reviewer 3: Sorry, another tiny nit we should've caught. This is implying the first param which we named `transaction`, lowercase, in the method definition. It should remain lowercase here.

```suggestion
    transaction. The ``accessList`` contains all storage slots and addresses read and written by the transaction,
```

Reviewer 2: No trouble at all! Fixing this and then I'll merge.

    * Delegates to ``eth_createAccessList`` RPC Method

    This method creates an `EIP-2930 <https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2930>`_ type ``accessList`` based on a given
    ``Transaction``. The ``accessList`` contains all storage slots and addresses read and written by the transaction,
    except for the sender account and the precompiles. This method uses the same ``transaction`` call object and

>     ``block_identifier`` object as :meth:`~web3.eth.Eth.call()`. An ``accessList`` can be used to unstick contracts that

Reviewer 3: Just a nit. I see they use `"unstuck"` in quotes in the EIP, pertaining to one of the past EIPs that gave rise to these issues. Even in the eip it's sort of ambiguous language. Take or leave.

```suggestion
    ``block_identifier`` object as :meth:`~web3.eth.Eth.call()`. An ``accessList`` can be used to access contracts that
```

            "gas": "21000"
        }

    The method ``eth_createAccessList`` returns a list of addresses and storage keys used by the transaction, plus the gas
    consumed when the ``accessList`` is included. Like ``eth_estimateGas``, this is an estimation; the list could change when

>     the transaction is actually mined. Adding an ``accessList`` to your transaction does not necessary result in lower

Reviewer 3: 1. Let's steer away from "mining". Blocks are considered "finalized" when they earn the highest degree of confidence in consensus. Perhaps we adopt that word here? Or "... included in a block."?

2. necessary -> necessarily

```suggestion
    the transaction is finalized. Adding an ``accessList`` to your transaction does not necessarily result in lower
```
